README.md, before:

# Circuit Analysis and Design (CAD) Lecture Notes @ 2024-2025 Spring

> For the course "***Circuit Analysis and Design***" in the 2024-2025 spring semester at University of Glasgow, UESTC.
> 
> **[ Updated @ 2024-11-18 ]**

## Index

- Week 4
  - [1](./Lecture1.md)
  - [2](./Lecture2.md)
  - [3](./Lecture3.md)
- Week 8
  - [4](./Lecture4.md)
  - [Lecture 5 : Nodal Analysis（节点分析法） & Supernode（超节点）](./Lecture5.md)
  - [Lecture 6 : Mesh Analysis（网孔分析法） & Supermesh（超网孔）](./Lecture6.md)
- Week 10
  - [Lecture 7 : Superposition（叠加原理） & Source Transformation（电源变换）](./Lecture7.md)
  - [Lecture 8 : Thevenin's Theorem（戴维南定理）](./Lecture8.md)
  - [Lecture 9 : Norton's Theorem（诺顿定理） & Maximum Power Transfer Theorem（最大功率传输定理）](./Lecture9.md)
- Week 12
  - [Lecture 10 : Capacitors（电容器）](./Lecture10.md)
  - > Not available now
- Week 14
  - > Not available now
- Week 16
  - > Not available now

Commit message:

Add Lecture 11 and Fix Lecture 10

README.md, after:

# Circuit Analysis and Design (CAD) Lecture Notes @ 2024-2025 Spring

> For the course "***Circuit Analysis and Design***" in the 2024-2025 spring semester at University of Glasgow, UESTC.
> 
> **[ Updated @ 2024-11-19 ]**

## Index

- Week 4
  - > Not done yet
- Week 8
  - > Not done yet
  - [Lecture 5 : Nodal Analysis（节点分析法） & Supernode（超节点）](./Lecture5.md)
  - [Lecture 6 : Mesh Analysis（网孔分析法） & Supermesh（超网孔）](./Lecture6.md)
- Week 10
  - [Lecture 7 : Superposition（叠加原理） & Source Transformation（电源变换）](./Lecture7.md)
  - [Lecture 8 : Thevenin's Theorem（戴维南定理）](./Lecture8.md)
  - [Lecture 9 : Norton's Theorem（诺顿定理） & Maximum Power Transfer Theorem（最大功率传输定理）](./Lecture9.md)
- Week 12
  - [Lecture 10 : Capacitors（电容器）](./Lecture10.md)
  - [Lecture 11 : Inductors（电感器）](./Lecture11.md)
  - > Not available now
- Week 14
  - > Not available now
- Week 16
  - > Not available now
